Web-Technology CW1
ID: 00012908

This Readme file intends to describe CW1 performed by WIUT student for Web Technology module. The task was to choose a local company and create a website with related theme for it. Tashkent shop, called "Musthave", located near SUM shop and cafe "Dostlar", was chosen for project. It sells women's clothes imported from Turkiya. Its Instagram page: https://instagram.com/musthave_store_uz?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=, Telegram page: t.me/musthave_store. It was asked to create, at minimum, 6 web-pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript and 8 ones have been created.

The first one is the Main page of the site. It contains header with the logo and links to all the other pages, banner with logo of the company, five company feautures as separate divs with images, products, styled as transparent divs with stars as a rating and price, banners with ads and buttons on it and newsletter section with e-mail input and button for subscribing for updates. Footer, being a part of every page, consists of logo, information for getting in touch (contact), icons ith links to social media websites and short information about company and customer's profile, links to which can be added. Shop Page consists of header, page-header, which is also a consistant of every page and on which hashtags of the site are represented, products and buttons which can lead to sites with further products (can be added by company). If any of the products is clicked, it leads to Single Product page with images and short information of the product. If bottom (small) images are clicked, they replace the big one. Blog Page includes divs with events of the company and date being placed above abd behind images. About Page has "Who We Are?" div with a flowing line of info, video about the company's app (can be replaced) with a link leading to this app. Contact Us page includes contact information and responsive map, form for leaving meassage and images of rhe staff. Log In Page is a page with "Log In" form which reacts as "Loged in successfuly!" if "1" is typed both as username and password. An alert of "Login failed" appears in other case. Cart Page consists of table of chosen products and their price, input for changing number of chosen products, input for applying for coupon and table with total price.

Font Awesome was used for inserting icons.

Background video: 

Cats video: https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=enjoyker+cats&&view=detail&mid=03FB48D5DD774550D76603FB48D5DD774550D766&&FORM=VRDGAR